the old squirrel in the basement show in
it squirrel innovation starting
kerckhoff here Oh screw where art down
squirrel try to add a little Shakespeare
to my shots risk we're all in the back
row Oh squirrely I didn't say this is
going to be a quick show spanning the
world and spanning the globe for
squirrels squirrel
scarily screw on that box scoop squirrel
pee box squirrel in the up box scroll in
the inbox run on the hand well now
you've captured what are you gonna do
dig in the world did you say Disney
World tell it to the audience where
there's new 100 are you thinking anybody
with you okay he says scale says what
straße guys right hi dad advan it down
it pedo is the guy good or what I'm the
best